    Once upon a time I was born. I have always been an inquisitive and introspective person. I never felt I fit in when I was growing up; I had a couple of close friends but wouldn't say I was a popular kid. My parents were supportive of me and fostered my growth. They encouraged me to go into the fields of science, technology, engineering, or math. After high school I entered Carleton's computer science program, leaving my hometown in the GTA and traveling to Ottawa.
    
    A lot changed for me when I started university in 2015. I started to find the people that I care about, although I felt I lacked passion in the things I did. It was a very explorative phase for me; I tried a lot of new things. I found I was successful in my program and socially liked.
    
    After a year in Ottawa I started to feel I was missing something essential. I felt this to be some spiritual component of my life, but didn't quite know how to reach it. Church didn't feel like the sort of environment I was looking for, and the people I'd met didn't seem to want to engage in religious or spiritual discussion. Shrugging off the nagging feeling, I continued to achieve in school until in 2017 I landed a co-op at a fledgling tech company in Ottawa. I thrived in this job for a couple of years, installing software and debugging code. However, eventually the feeling returned, and I found myself frustrated by the world around me and my inability to find my place in it.
    
    In the winter of 2019 I quit my job in tech and went on to try my hand as a social media influencer, with the small amount of oratory experience I had. To make a long story short, I was unsuccessful. This came to weight heavily on me, and as the world began to quarantine due to Covid, I became more isolated from my family and friends, becoming more depressed as time went on.
    
    While I was in this state, I attempted to finish my computer science degree while working a retail job to sustain myself financially. I ended up settling for a three year degree at Carleton; the degree I graduated with has no title and is not indicative of my background. I think it's my least favourite accolade.
    
    Once I finished my degree in 2022, I traveled to the Maritimes, planning to travel across Canada and do some soul-searching. I wrote extensively in my private journals during this time, trying to understand what I was missing in my life and how I could get to a place where I could be happy. After a month in the east side of Canada I returned to Ontario (and ultimately to Ottawa), trying to find my footing in life again.
    
    To sustain myself during this time I started working retail again, where after six months or so I was promoted to assistant manager. I enjoyed having and gaining responsibility, but as much as I enjoyed the feeling of gradual promotion and recognition, I soon became exhausted and disenfranchised by the corporate culture and the inconsistency of unexcited part-time staff. 
    
    In 2023, that nagging feeling hit a critical mass. I once again felt that I was missing something, but wondered if it was too late for me to turn my life in a new direction. However, instead of leaving my situation or retreating, I continued in my role, but started going to therapy and looking for spiritual community. After about a year of this process I started to feel more level and satisfied in life.
    
    I came to a sort of conclusion on that nagging feeling. At its core, that feeling is a drive for me to feel significant, manifesting as a drive to do something significant. Significance lies in the eye of the beholder, so it was up to me to pick that definition. I decided that my significance lies in my means of helping other people. I wanted my career to reflect that definition though, so I decided it was time for another change.
    
    When I looked at the enjoyable parts of my previous tech and retail jobs, I found they both had elements of the significance I was looking for. I found I didn't enjoy sitting behind a desk and I didn't like working with people who didn't want to try to succeed at what they did.
    
    Given this conclusion, I decided to find a new career. The trades appealed to me because of their kinesthetic skill requirements and how mysterious they seemed to people of my white-collar background, including myself. I applied to the Electrical Engineering Technician program at Algonquin College in Ottawa, hoping to make connections there to begin a career in the electrical field.
    
    And that brings me to approximately the point in time that I write this. I am a full-time student working retail part-time. I attend church weekly and have an amazing and diverse group of friends in Ottawa. My current goal career-wise is to become a licensed residential electrician in the next five years or so. I'd love to have financial stability, doing work that helps people in a way where they can't help themselves.